# Xplat
This is the `Xplat` submodule of Botania. It contains all Botania code that can
be shared between Forge and Fabric. The term "xplat" may also appear and means
the same: something that can be shared between mod loaders. "Xplat" stands for
"cross platform". Other multi-loader literature may call this the "Common"
module, but that is easily conflated with the old connotation of Common as "code
shared between client and server".

`Xplat` code may occasionally need to make loader-specific calls, however. The
`XplatAbstractions` interface is present and implemented by each loader-specific
submodules for such calls as the need arises.

## Build
The build system for the Xplat submodule works in a somewhat special manner.
There's two scenarios:

### Part of loader-specific build
When the Forge or Fabric specific artifacts are being built, the `Xplat`
module's sources are substituted into the project, as if the contents of
`Xplat/src` are pasted into `Forge/src` or `Fabric/src`. From the perspective of
players or modders consuming a specific loader's artifacts, it should be
indistinguishable from having two separate branches. Xplat code that ends up in
the loader-specific artifact JARs are remapped to Intermediary/SRG like any
regular mod.

### Separate Xplat artifact
The `Xplat` module also has its own build.gradle, which uses `minivan` to grab
vanilla as a dependency to put on the classpath. The `Xplat` module's code is
also published independently to Maven in raw Mojmap without any remapping. This
is to aid in downstream addon authors that may also want to make their addons
cross-loader-compatible. They would have their own `Xplat` module that depends
on Botania's `Xplat` module. However, Botania's `Xplat` module JAR should
**never appear on the classpath at runtime**. If a player finds themselves with
a Botania-Xplat JAR, things have gone very, very wrong.
